{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 OK, I am going through the app now stamps right here's my first problem with stamps There's no default stamp if I click the top of stamp button, it's just default to random random stamp you know If I change it from like the animal stamps collection to the Bug collection it should just auto to the first choice bug instead of leaving me with puppy dogs I want a gradient slider to be able to pick the color and I want the option of it looking like I can pick the color from a box of crayons or from a circle gradient Or a triangle gradient, I want the gradient selector I wanna have choices for my gradient selector a eraser should be higher up. That's stupid as shit. Also, the opacity the eraser should just always be one opacity which is hard erase. Also the emoji for the eraser looks stupid See I don't like that why is the size selector at the bottom? That's a huge pain in the ass don't care for that background needs way more options. Looks dumb. What difference between night and black That brush with a flower and why aren't there several options? That's just another stamp that's Jupiter. Why are the hearts coming out in different sizes as I press the button it's kind of weird And see what else oh maybe if I was using a brush and then I did the zoom in motion just make the brush bigger and if I do the zoom out finger motion, make the brush smaller Let's see Cran doesn't do anything. OK now it's doing something doesn't seem to be any different than any of the other brushes which is kind of stupid yeah there needs to be a opacity slider weird default behavior is just dumb. And yeah, that's all for now OK}